Please take this product to the collection point for recycling of electrical and electronic equipment in accordance with local regulations. Do not dispose of this product together with normal household waste. By recycling waste equipment, you can make an important contribution to environmental protection.

24

Cleaning and maintenance (camera)

Please use a clean dry cloth for cleaning and wiping.

Do not use strong solvents such as thinners, benzene-containing solvents or other chemical solvents next to or on this

product.

This product only features splash-proof water protection. Please do not expose the product to water splashes, showers, or

any contact with sea water, salt water, chlorinated water or beverages and other liquids. Improper use will void your

warranty.

Before cleaning your product, please ensure power is turned off, and the power cord from the AC adapter is disconnected.

Cleaning and maintenance (stand)

Please use a clean dry cloth for cleaning and wiping. Cleaning and maintenance (stand)

Please use a clean dry cloth for cleaning and wiping.

Disclaimers

This product manual is provided “as-is” without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. To the maximum extent

permitted by applicable law, we provide the document AS IS AND WITH ALL FAULTS, you shall bear all the risks arising from

the use of this manual.

You fully understand and agree that we reserve the right to make changes to this product manual. In the event of changes to

product specifications or product drivers, this manual will be updated accordingly. For information on detailed updates to this

product manual, please visit the customer service page on the official pixsee website.

Please refer to the terms of use and privacy policy description page in the app to view software disclaimers for use of the

pixsee app.

25

In-Warranty Repair and Service

This product's warranty repair and service will no long apply should the following occur: relocate the receiving antenna. —Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver. —Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected. —Consult the dealer or an experienced radio/TV technician for help. This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device, pursuant to part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates, uses and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures: —Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna. —Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver. —Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected. turned on.

This product must use a socket with a rated power supply of 110V~240V and a rated current of 5V/3A. Do not use a

universal socket and with other electrical appliances at the same time. Improper use of an AC adapter with the wrong power

ratings on this product might cause damage to the internal parts.

Please do not use extension cords that have not been certified for your respective country/region to avoid the risk of fire. It

may also affect the Wi-Fi transmission and the performance of this product.

Please do not use faulty accessories on this product.

Do not touch the plug contacts with sharp or metal objects.

Please test this product and all its functions before actually using the product to familiarize yourself with this product during

actual use.

Do not cover this product or cables with towels and blankets.

When the product is in operation, it will dissipate normal heat produced to the surface of the product. Please do not leave