Please take this product to the collection point for recycling of electrical and electronic equipment in accordance with local regulations. Do not dispose of this product together with normal household waste. By recycling waste equipment, you can make an important contribution to environmental protection.

24

Cleaning and maintenance (camera)

Please use a clean dry cloth for cleaning and wiping.

Do not use strong solvents such as thinners, benzene-containing solvents or other chemical solvents next to or on this

product.

This product only features splash-proof water protection. Please do not expose the product to water splashes, showers, or

any contact with sea water, salt water, chlorinated water or beverages and other liquids. Improper use will void your

warranty.

Before cleaning your product, please ensure power is turned off, and the power cord from the AC adapter is disconnected.

Cleaning and maintenance (stand)

Please use a clean dry cloth for cleaning and wiping.<Next> 
Cleaning and maintenance (stand)

Please use a clean dry cloth for cleaning and wiping.

Disclaimers

This product manual is provided “as-is” without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. To the maximum extent

permitted by applicable law, we provide the document AS IS AND WITH ALL FAULTS, you shall bear all the risks arising from

the use of this manual.

You fully understand and agree that we reserve the right to make changes to this product manual. In the event of changes to

product specifications or product drivers, this manual will be updated accordingly. For information on detailed updates to this

product manual, please visit the customer service page on the official pixsee website.

Please refer to the terms of use and privacy policy description page in the app to view software disclaimers for use of the

pixsee app.

25

In-Warranty Repair and Service

This product's warranty repair and service will no long apply should the following occur:<Next> 
ISED Information L’émetteur/récepteur exempt de licence contenu dans le présent appareil est conforme aux CNR d’Innovation, Sciences et Développement économique Canada applicables aux appareils radio exempts de licence. L’exploitation est autorisée aux deux conditions suivantes : 1) L’appareil ne doit pas produire de brouillage; 2) L’appareil doit accepter tout brouillage radioélectrique subi, même si le brouillage est susceptible d’en compromettre le fonctionnement.

CAN ICES-3(B)/NMB-3(B)

This device contains licence-exempt transmitter(s)/receiver(s) that comply with Innovation, Science and Economic Development Canada’s licence-exempt RSS(s). Operation is subject to the following two conditions: (1) This device may not cause interference. (2) This device must accept any interference, including interference that may cause undesired operation of the device.<Next> 
This equipment has been tested and found to comply with the limits for a Class B digital device, pursuant to part 15 of the FCC Rules. These limits are designed to provide reasonable protection against harmful interference in a residential installation. This equipment generates, uses and can radiate radio frequency energy and, if not installed and used in accordance with the instructions, may cause harmful interference to radio communications. However, there is no guarantee that interference will not occur in a particular installation. If this equipment does cause harmful interference to radio or television reception, which can be determined by turning the equipment off and on, the user is encouraged to try to correct the interference by one or more of the following measures: —Reorient or relocate the receiving antenna. —Increase the separation between the equipment and receiver. —Connect the equipment into an outlet on a circuit different from that to which the receiver is connected.<Next> 
Your product is designed and manufactured with high quality materials and components, which can be recycled and reused. When this crossed-out wheeled bin symbol is attached to a product it means the product is covered by the European Directive 2012/19/EU. Please find out for yourself about the local separate collection system for electrical and electronic products. Please act according to your local rules and do not dispose of your old products with your normal household waste. The correct disposal of your old product will help prevent potential negative consequences for the environment and human health .

22

Rated Supply Voltage: 5 Vdc Max. Load Current: 3 A Rated Power (Max.): 10 W

Environmental specification Operating Ambient Temperature:0˚C – 60˚C Relative humidity: up to 90 % non-condensing </context>, What the context says about cleaning the equipment ?