warranty.

Before cleaning your product, please ensure power is turned off, and the power cord from the AC adapter is disconnected.

Cleaning and maintenance (stand)

Please use a clean dry cloth for cleaning and wiping.

Disclaimers

This product manual is provided “as-is” without warranties of any kind, either express or implied. To the maximum extent

permitted by applicable law, we provide the document AS IS AND WITH ALL FAULTS, you shall bear all the risks arising from<Next> 
Please take this product to the collection point for recycling of electrical and electronic equipment in accordance with local regulations. Do not dispose of this product together with normal household waste. By recycling waste equipment, you can make an important contribution to environmental protection.

24

Cleaning and maintenance (camera)

Please use a clean dry cloth for cleaning and wiping.<Next> 
24

Cleaning and maintenance (camera)

Please use a clean dry cloth for cleaning and wiping.

Do not use strong solvents such as thinners, benzene-containing solvents or other chemical solvents next to or on this

product.

This product only features splash-proof water protection. Please do not expose the product to water splashes, showers, or

any contact with sea water, salt water, chlorinated water or beverages and other liquids. Improper use will void your

warranty.<Next> 
Please do not use faulty accessories on this product.

Do not touch the plug contacts with sharp or metal objects.

Please test this product and all its functions before actually using the product to familiarize yourself with this product during

actual use.

Do not cover this product or cables with towels and blankets.

When the product is in operation, it will dissipate normal heat produced to the surface of the product. Please do not leave<Next> 
local rules and do not dispose of your old products with your normal household waste. The correct disposal of your old product will help prevent potential negative consequences for the environment and human health .